 Welcome to Platform and Tools. After watching this video, you'll be able to understand it's okay to use different tools for CICD and identify some common tools for CICD. There are a lot of tools your pipelines can use even within the same company. Different line of business applications or LOBs within the single organization being run by different teams might be using different tools and it doesn't matter that they use different tools. So their source code management system, their build systems, their continuous integration system, their repositories and so on might be running on different tools. Maybe there's Jenkins, there's Travis, there's Nexus, and there's JFrog artifactory. But the specific tool being used is an important. What matters is that they are using a tool to automate these processes instead of doing them manually. In fact, there's a plethora of tools for CICD that you can choose from. For example, if you look at just the CI box in the build column of this diagram of pipeline tools, you see Team City, Jenkins, Travis CI, Bamboo, Code Ship, Snap and Go to name a few. And you'll find that most of the top ones all seem similar and have similar ways of working and similar concepts. So if you try out a tool and decide you don't like it, you can just keep trying new ones until you find a tool that you like to use. Let's have a brief overview of some of the common tools for CICD. Jenkins is a CICD software that is installed on a server where the central bill will take place. It's one of the oldest, most popular and most complex of all the CI CD tools. Circle CI is a CI CD platform that can be used to implement DOUB's practices. It performs deployments for continuous delivery and you define workflows inside a circle.yaml file. Travis CI is a hosted CI service that helps developers build and test software projects hosted on GitHub and Bitbucket. Travis CI was the first CI service to provide free services to open source projects. It also performs deployments for continuous delivery and you define a workflow inside a.tramvus.yaml file. GitHub Actions is a CI CD platform that enables you to automate your build, test and deploy GitHub workflows. Unlike other tools, it only works with GitHub. In this video, you learn that different line of business applications within the same organization may have many teams each using different tools. It's okay to use different tools for CICD. What's important is that the processes are being automated instead of being done manually. And there are lots of tools out there for CI CD and you can keep trying new ones until you find one that you like to use.